README.md, before:

[![Github All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/pngmbh/rpm-haproxy/total.svg)](https://github.com/pngmbh/rpm-haproxy/releases) [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/pngmbh/rpm-haproxy.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/pngmbh/rpm-haproxy)

> This is a fork, with dockerized builds on CircleCI.

This repository contains some build artifacts of HAproxy that are provided with no support and no expectation of stability. ~~The recommended way of using the repository is to build and test your own packages.~~

You can use the following repository:

# RPM Specs for HAproxy on CentOS / RHEL / Amazon Linux with default syslog

Perform the following steps on a build box as a regular user.

## Install Prerequisites for RPM Creation

    sudo yum groupinstall 'Development Tools'

## Checkout this repository

    cd /opt
    git clone https://github.com/pngmbh/rpm-haproxy.git 
    cd ./rpm-haproxy
    git checkout 2.0

## Build using makefile
    make
    
Resulting RPM will be in /opt/rpm-haproxy/rpmbuild/RPMS/x86_64/

## Credits

Based on the Red Hat 6.4 RPM spec for haproxy 1.4 combined with work done by 
- [@nmilford](https://www.github.com/nmilford)
- [@resmo](https://www.github.com/resmo) 
- [@kevholmes](https://www.github.com/kevholmes)
- Update to 1.8 contributed by [@khdevel](https://github.com/khdevel)
- Amazon Linux support contributed by [@thedoc31](https://github.com/thedoc31) and [@jazzl0ver](https://github.com/jazzl0ver)
- Version detect snippet by [@hiddenstream](https://github.com/hiddenstream)

Additional logging inspired by https://www.percona.com/blog/2014/10/03/haproxy-give-me-some-logs-on-centos-6-5/

Commit message:

Update: README
 - prometheus enabled
 - add repository

README.md, after:

[![Github All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/pngmbh/rpm-haproxy/total.svg)](https://github.com/pngmbh/rpm-haproxy/releases) [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/pngmbh/rpm-haproxy.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/pngmbh/rpm-haproxy)

> This is a fork, with **Prometheus enabled in HAProxy** and dockerized builds via CircleCI.

This repository contains some build artifacts of HAproxy that are provided with no support and no expectation of stability. ~~The recommended way of using the repository is to build and test your own packages.~~

You can use the following repository:
https://packagecloud.io/till/pngmbh-oss

# RPM Specs for HAproxy on CentOS / RHEL / Amazon Linux with default syslog

Perform the following steps on a build box as a regular user.

## Install Prerequisites for RPM Creation

    sudo yum groupinstall 'Development Tools'

## Checkout this repository

    cd /opt
    git clone https://github.com/pngmbh/rpm-haproxy.git 
    cd ./rpm-haproxy
    git checkout 2.0

## Build using makefile
    make
    
Resulting RPM will be in /opt/rpm-haproxy/rpmbuild/RPMS/x86_64/

## Credits

Based on the Red Hat 6.4 RPM spec for haproxy 1.4 combined with work done by 
- [@nmilford](https://www.github.com/nmilford)
- [@resmo](https://www.github.com/resmo) 
- [@kevholmes](https://www.github.com/kevholmes)
- Update to 1.8 contributed by [@khdevel](https://github.com/khdevel)
- Amazon Linux support contributed by [@thedoc31](https://github.com/thedoc31) and [@jazzl0ver](https://github.com/jazzl0ver)
- Version detect snippet by [@hiddenstream](https://github.com/hiddenstream)

Additional logging inspired by https://www.percona.com/blog/2014/10/03/haproxy-give-me-some-logs-on-centos-6-5/
